Event forwarding (#1371)
snowplow/documentation: docs/destinations/forwarding-events/event-forwarding-monitoring-and-troubleshooting/index.md

## Inspecting and debugging failures

### Finding failed event logs

To better understand why a failure has occurred, you directly access and review detailed failed delivery logs in file storage. The logs are automatically saved as [failed events](/docs/data-product-studio/data-quality/failed-events/exploring-failed-events/file-storage/index.md) in your Snowplow cloud storage bucket under the prefix:
`/{pipeline_name}/partitioned/com.snowplowanalytics.snowplow.badrows.event_forwarding_errors/`

For more details on where to find failed events, see [Accessing failed events in file storage](/docs/data-product-studio/data-quality/failed-events/exploring-failed-events/file-storage/index.md).

Failed event logs [event_forwarding_error schema](https://iglucentral.com/?q=event_forwarding_error) and contain:

- **Original event data**: the complete Snowplow event that failed
- **Error details**: specific error type and message
- **Failure timestamp**: when the error occurred
- **Transformation state**: data state at the point of failure

> ### Querying failed event logs 

Reviewer: [Ticket here](https://snplow.atlassian.net/browse/PDP-2168) - but Phil no objection to you translating them if you'd prefer get it done before we can get to it :)

---
title: "Monitoring and troubleshooting forwarders"
description: "Monitor event forwarder performance, debug failures, and understand retry logic with cloud metrics, failed event logs, and BDP Console statistics."
sidebar_position: 15
---

This page is an overview of how to monitor event forwarder performance and diagnose delivery issues. Snowplow provides both summary metrics and detailed failed event logs, to help you understand failure patterns and troubleshoot specific problems.

## Failure types and retry logic

> 

Author: Ended up doing both!

> Forwarders uses the same retry logic and failure handling as the underlying [Snowbridge failure model](/docs/api-reference/snowbridge/concepts/failure-model/index.md). Snowplow handles event forwarding failures differently depending on the type:

Reviewer: Said on call but commenting for reference: I would remove the dependency on api docs and just describe the failure behaviours as below, which are already quite good!

Won't die on this hill but think it's the wiser move

- **Invalid data failures**: Snowplow treats events that fail transformation or violate destination API requirements as unrecoverable. Event forwarding creates [event forwarding error failed events](https://iglucentral.com/?q=event_forwarding_error) and logs them in your cloud storage bucket without retry.

> - **Transformation failures**: Snowplow treats JavaScript transformation errors as invalid data and logs them to your cloud storage bucket without retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Transformation failures**: Where the mapping transformation encounters an error, event forwarding creates [event forwarding error failed events](https://iglucentral.com/?q=event_forwarding_error) and logs them in your cloud storage bucket without retry. 
```

Possibly add something like: "There are safeguards against deploying with such errors, but for example custom transformation may sometimes hit errors at runtime."
